(PE-37235) Verify and update documentation on add_compiler (#429)
puppetlabs/puppetlabs-peadm: documentation/add_compiler.md

> # Add Compiler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Add compiler
```

> # Add Compiler to support PCP

Reviewer 2: This seems to be an incorrect main title for this documentation page.

> The `peadm::add_compiler` plan can be used to add a new compiler to a PE cluster or replace an existing one with new configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `peadm::add_compiler` plan can be used to add a new compiler to a PE deployment, or to reconfigure an existing compiler.
```

> The peadm::add_compler plan can be used to add a new compiler to a PE architecture or replace an existing one with new configuration.

Reviewer 2: there is a typo in `peadm::add_compiler`

> ## Add a compiler to an existing PE cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Add a compiler to your existing PE deployment
```

> Prepare to run the plan using a params.json file such as this one:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prepare to run the plan by creating a JSON file containing the relevant parameters for your installation. For example:
```

```json
{
  "avail_group_letter": "A",
  "compiler_host": "pe-xl-compiler-0.lab1.puppet.vm",
  "dns_alt_names": [ "puppet", "puppet.lab1.puppet.vm" ],
  "primary_host":  "pe-xl-core-0.lab1.puppet.vm",

>   "primary_postgresql_host": "pe-psql-6251cd-0.us-west1-a.c.slice-cody.internal",

Reviewer 3: why do we need to provide the postgresql FQDN/common name? We should be able to query PuppetDB or the node classifier API so users don't need to provide this?

Reviewer 2: @davidsandilands Do you by any chance remember the rationale behind this? We do get the whole cluster configuration from the task `peadm::get_peadm_config` (https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-peadm/blob/main/plans/add_compiler.pp#L24)

Reviewer 4: @timidri is this to do with people adding compilers for purely impact analysis or where certain regional zones are setup and they have their own load balancer?

Reviewer 2: @davidsandilands I am not sure what was the rationale. I would suggest making those parameters optional and choose the obvious defaults based on the `peadm::get_peadm_config` output. /cc @cathal41

Reviewer 5: I've made a few change to make a couple of these parameters optional, if anyone would like to take a look at it. https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-peadm/pull/468

}
```

> See the [install](install.md#reference-architectures) documentation for a list of supported architectures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a list of supported architectures, see the [install](install.md#reference-architectures).
```

## Running the add_compiler plan
```
bolt plan run peadm::add_compiler --params @params.json 
```

> This call will retreive the current peadm config to determain the setup rules needed for a compiler's secondary PuppetDB instances. The provided server will be configured with the appropriate rules for Puppet Server access from compiler. The puppet.service will be stopped and the pe-postgresql.service will be reloaded. If required and agent ewill be installed and regenerated agent certificate to add required data with peadm::subplans::component_install. Puppet agent will run on the following components;

Reviewer 2: typo: `ewill`

> This command will retrieve the current PEADM configuration to determine the setup rules needed for a compiler's secondary PuppetDB instances. The plan will configure the primary with appropriate rules for allowing access from the new compiler. On the primary, the `puppet` service is stopped and the `pe-postgresql` service is reloaded. If required, a puppet agent is be installed. The compiler agent's certificate is be regenerated to include required data with `peadm::subplans::component_install`. Puppet agent will run on the following components

Reviewer 3: > If required, a puppet agent is be installed.

This sounds a bit odd.

> This command will retrieve the current PEADM configuration to determine the setup rules needed for a compiler's secondary PuppetDB instances. The plan will configure the primary with appropriate rules for allowing access from the new compiler. On the primary, the `puppet` service is stopped and the `pe-postgresql` service is reloaded. If required, a puppet agent is be installed. The compiler agent's certificate is be regenerated to include required data with `peadm::subplans::component_install`. Puppet agent will run on the following components

Reviewer: "If required, a puppet agent is be installed." **Where** is the agent installed?

"The compiler agent's certificate is be regenerated to include required data with `peadm::subplans::component_install`": I'm unsure what this means. Does it mean that the the compiler's agent certificate is regenerated to include data required **by** the `component_install` subplan?

Author: @timidri @J-Hunniford 
 I think the agent is installed on the $compiler_host
yes, the component_install subplan regenerates the the compiler's agent certificate

* _\<compiler-host\>_
* _\<primary_postgresql_host\>_

> * _\<replica puppetdb\>_

Reviewer 2: Is that the replica host?

Author: from the add_compiler.pp
`  # On replica puppetdb run the puppet agent
  run_task('peadm::puppet_runonce', $replica_puppetdb_target)`

Reviewer 2: yes, so that an incorrect wording. There is no such thing as "replica puppetdb". 
We do have "replica postgres host" or just the "primary replica host" - I'm assuming the former is meant here.

Author: Thank you

# Add Compiler

> The peadm::add_compiler plan can be used to add a new compiler to a PE architecture or replace an existing one with new configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `peadm::add_compiler` plan can be used to add a new compiler to a PE cluster or replace an existing one with new configuration.
```

> ## Add compiler to an exising PE instance

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Add a compiler to an existing PE cluster
```

bolt plan run peadm::add_compiler --params @params.json 
```

> This call will retreive the current peadm config to determain the setup rules needed for a compiler's secondary PuppetDB instances. The provided server will be configured with the appropriate rules for Puppet Server access from compiler. The puppet.service will be stopped and the pe-postgresql.service will be reloaded. If required and agent will be installed and regenerated agent certificate to add required data with peadm::subplans::component_install. Puppet agent will run on the following components

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This command will retrieve the current PEADM configuration to determine the setup rules needed for a compiler's secondary PuppetDB instances. The plan will configure the primary with appropriate rules for allowing access from the new compiler. On the primary, the `puppet` service is stopped and the `pe-postgresql` service is reloaded. If required, a puppet agent is be installed. The compiler agent's certificate is be regenerated to include required data with `peadm::subplans::component_install`. Puppet agent will run on the following components
```

* _\<compiler-host\>_
* _\<primary_postgresql_host\>_

> * _\<replica postgres host\>_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* _\<replica host\>_
```

* _\<primary_postgresql_host\>_

>  The puppet.service will then be restarted

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 The `puppet` service is then restarted.
```
